[18.0][MIG] document_page_quality_manual: Migration to 18.0 (#608)
OCA/management-system: document_page_quality_manual/readme/CONFIGURE.md

To enter your work instruction template, you need to:

> - go to Management Systems \> Documentation \> Work Instructions

Reviewer: i find it misleading/too general, as per usage.md we need to tick this option ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ee29770-b6f8-4492-ae12-6e6bf42aaa70)

> To enter your work instruction template, you need to:
> 
> - go to Management Systems \> Documentation \> Work Instructions
> - select the Work Instructions category and edit the template

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To edit the quality manual template:

- Go to Management Systems \> Configuration \> Categories
- Select the Quality Manual category
- Edit the content
```
